[Music]
the 13 most common marriage issues and
how to overcome them yeah all couples go
through crises whether big or small some
divorce two or three years after getting
married
while others make it well into their
golden years together so what's the
secret to living happily ever after in
marital bliss we've checked with the
world's leading marriage counselors and
they've laid out 13 of the most common
issues couples face and how to overcome
them but before we get into that use
this opportunity to get your permanent
front row seat to the bright side of
life all you got to do is subscribe to
our Channel and ring the bell
to be notified of our daily updates
number one excess weight in 2017
researchers at the University of Glasgow
figured out that the average newlywed
gains about 3 to 5 pounds within the
first year of married life and in
general married people weigh 13 pounds
more than singles experts put the weight
game down to the state of psychological
comfort that comes with being in a
stable long-term relationship how to
battle the post wedding bulge well the
best way to get back into shape is to
ride a bike swim or go for evening walks
and if you do it together it's even
better because you'll always have a
person next to you sharing in your
striving for a healthier lifestyle and
being your personal cheerleader number
two financial problems after having kids
surveys held by nerd wallet a creditable
online financial advice tool showed that
couples are almost always unprepared
financially to have kids and it doesn't
depend on the size of their paycheck
both middle class and lower income
families face a lack of money after
having children the solution is simple
start saving money long before the birth
of your first child
and be smart with your purchases for
example it'll be much cheaper to get a
used roller crib clothing and other
necessities versus buying them brand new
plus going for secondhand items makes a
whole lot of sense from a financial
point of view because kids outgrow their
things faster than you think like in a
couple months
number three conflicts with the
mother-in-law ah how many stories and
jokes have you heard about the dreaded
mother-in-law psychologists say that the
tension is especially strong between
wives and their mother-in-law dr. Evelyn
Duval's research showed that 67% of
mothers in law were not satisfied with
their sons wife while 75% of
daughters-in-law didn't like their
husbands mother uh-oh what's worse all
this negativity and tension is bad for
both sides scientists working at leading
universities in Japan and the u.s. have
found that women living with their
in-laws whether mother or daughter have
two to three times higher risk of
developing coronary artery disease my
you killing me the best way to avoid
conflicts with your in-laws is to live
separately and if you don't have the
opportunity or means to live
independently always keep communication
open honest and polite explain to your
mother or daughter-in-law what it is
that they're doing that upsets you so
much once you can identify the problem
you can work together on solving it
civilly number four conflicting spending
habits according to statistics conflicts
over money are one of the biggest
marriage killers financial education
company Ramsey solutions interviewed
over 1,000 American adults on the topic
and came to the exact same conclusion
after the wedding your personal finances
become joint which can get really
stressful for many especially if one
spouse earns more than the other
unfortunately many couples tend to avoid
talking about finances until
all that resentment builds up to the
point of exploding into an argument
financial experts recommend doing just
the opposite do not be shy about
discussing your financial issues you
need to set priorities will your family
save money or invest it are you planning
to make any home repairs or go on
vacation next year answering such
questions will help you determine the
financial strategy your family will have
for many years ahead putting a lid on
the chaos and ineffective shouting
number five getting annoyed at each
other's hobbies hours spent playing
video games watching sports browsing
social media or working on some craft
project surprisingly those hobbies that
attracted you to your partner in the
first place can start to annoy you after
some time psychologists are sure that it
happens with many couples but it doesn't
mean that your love is over in fact a
partner that engages in their own
personal interests is a good thing but
we'll get more into that here in a bit
so what can you do in this situation
easy let it be don't allow yourself to
feel jealous that your significant other
is interested in something besides you
if you get irritated or jealous of their
passion for a certain hobby perhaps you
need to find one for yourself which
brings us to our next point sex spending
all your time together there's a
misconception that spouses should spend
all their free time together because it
strengthens the relationship and helps
build common interests well you
absolutely should do things together for
this reason you don't need to spend all
of your time in each other's company
otherwise you risk getting sick of each
other
real fast remember both partners are
still individuals in this union and
should have their own hobbies and
me-time unlike being constantly stuck to
each other's hip
spending your free time separately and
having your own interests will
strengthen your relationship 7
forgetting about important dates when
your partner forgets your anniversary
the day you first kissed or whatever
other important date it can be saddening
because it feels like this person
doesn't care about you or your
relationship turns out even perfect
people forget about important things it
can be due to work overload or natural
absent-mindedness
it can also be because those dates
aren't actually that significant for
your spouse because the most important
thing in their life is your relationship
and not marks on the calendar if you
want your partner to remember certain
dates that are important to you just
remind them it'll help you avoid
disappointment and your partner won't
have to feel bad for their
absent-mindedness 8 the boredom of
routine as much as you wish for your
honeymoon phase 2 lasts forever
marriage doesn't really work that way
sooner or later despite expectations the
flowers romantic evenings and flirty
conversations get replaced with mundane
routine and that's because over time the
love between two people becomes more
like the kind you have toward your
family versus the thrill and passion you
feel with a new lover Plus married
people's priorities differ from those
who are newly in love they have a common
household a mortgage and perhaps
children so romantic dates or special
events need to be planned around these
responsibilities psychologists say
there's nothing unusual about it since
family life is all about sticking to a
certain schedule and distributing duties
Gayle Prince co-author of Soul dating to
soil mating recommends planning dates
and romantic outings in advance it'll
help you keep that spark in your
relationship
nine bad friends
not only do newlyweds get new relatives
they get a whole slew of new friends as
well in a new marriage it might seem
like friends take up too much space in a
family's life or that they influence
your partner in a bad way especially
when you don't like your spouse's
friends for one reason or another no
matter how difficult it might seem let
your significant other have a best
friend who's not you and don't see them
as competition for your partner's
attention sociologists dr. Jeffrey greif
is sure that married couples need to
have friends and this isn't just about
mutual friends you have together but
once from childhood and work to don't
criticize the personality of your
spouse's friend that you don't like
criticize their actions instead try to
become their friend - or at least civil
and open-minded after all first
impressions can often be wrong let your
partner have friends aside from you and
you do the same number 10 different
sleeping regiments way back in the 70s
scientists learned about circadian
rhythms and the fact that certain people
are morning birds while others are night
owls so what if these polar opposites
decide to create a family
this union can cause some inconveniences
but it's really nothing to worry about
as long as you manage to find a
compromise your marriage will be fine if
one of you is more active during the day
while the other is at night for example
take advantage of the time your spouse
is asleep and use it to do something
useful for the family or your hobbies
experimental psychologists and sleep
researchers dr. Frederick Brown and his
wife dr. Cynthia l'homme have tested
this approach themselves and recommend
it to others
[Music]
eleven unequal distribution of household
chores despite the fact that we've made
great strides in becoming a progressive
society in the 21st century gender
stereotypes about who does what in the
family are still pretty prevalent a
woman is expected to keep the house cozy
even along with their full-time job
while a man must bring home the bacon of
course this is old-fashioned and
impractical nonsense that can lead to
conflicts and unreasonable expectations
what you should do is divide the
housework in the most effective way
possibly depending on the situation if
your wife is working overtime today go
ahead and get dinner started
if he cooked today why not take care of
the after-dinner dishes just help each
other out is as easy as that and if you
have the financial means don't forget to
take full advantage of the amazing
technology we have nowadays a dishwasher
and a Roomba will make both your lives a
lot easier
set up auto payments for your bills so
you don't have to fight about whose turn
it is or who forgot to pay what number
12 petty arguments you know how it goes
early in a relationship even your
partner's little faults and strange
habits seem cute to you but after a few
months of living together you couldn't
possibly be more annoyed by them how
they eat walk brush their teeth closed
doors the pettiest little things can
spark the most outrageous arguments and
criticisms if your home has become a
battlefield it's high time to
re-evaluate your priorities don't try to
change your partner over trifle things
if you're really concerned with for
instance their portion sizes instead of
name-calling and i rolling why not
explain to them that you're worried
about their health patience and respect
for your partner's feelings are the
things that will get your marriage out
of a crisis and put an end to petty
arguments
13 checking out other people do your
partner's eyes wander whenever you're
out in public should this spark a huge
scandal or is it nothing to worry about
there's no single answer to this
question some people feel really hurt
and self-conscious when their spouse
checks out other men or women while
others couldn't care less marriage
counselor dr. Curt Smith says a lot of
his male clients claim it's purely just
a habit and looking at other women does
not mean they want to cheat on their
wives but still if you don't like that
your significant other has a habit of
checking out other people don't keep
your concerns to yourself and inform
your partner of your dissatisfaction
don't turn it into a huge fight full of
insulting accusations either again
opening an honest and civil dialogue
will accomplish a lot more than
name-calling and screaming so are there
any other marriage issues you'd like to
add to this list tell us in the comments
below don't forget to give this video a
like if you've learned something from it
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
you